TOWA: Setsuna and I
are half‐demons,
daughters of
the great demon Sesshomaru
and a human woman named Rin.
When we were little,
we lived in the forest.
We were always together,
and we got along so well.
But then, during a forest fire,
I let go of Setsuna's hand.
I was hurled
into the present day,
where I was adopted
by the Higurashi family
and given the name
Towa Higurashi.
Ten years later,
Setsuna and I were reunited,
but my own sister
didn't recognize me at all.
I also met Moroha,
a quarter‐demon
who works as a bounty hunter,
often in tandem with Setsuna,
who's now a demon slayer.
Moroha's parents are
the half‐demon Inuyasha,
our father's younger brother,
and Kagome,
who's Papa Sota's older sister,
so I guess
that makes her our cousin.
In order to help Setsuna
sleep and dream again
and to restore
her lost memories,
we returned to the Feudal Era.
Along the way, a spirit
called the Tree of Ages
asked us to slay
the Beast King Kirinmaru.
Arriving in the Feudal Era,
we spent our days
slaying demons for a living
when we weren't being attacked
by Kirinmaru's followers,
the Four Perils,
or by his sister, Zero.
Oh, and we also
became friends with Riku,
a beautiful, but odd pirate
who had said
he'd been washed ashore.
It wasn't easy,
but by working together,
we eventually managed
to defeat all the Four Perils,
and Setsuna killed Zero.
But then our father,
Sesshomaru,
used the Tenseiga to bring Zero
back to life for some reason.
I don't get it.
She's supposed to be our enemy!
And that's just when he
decided to show up again,
Kirinmaru.
A Feudal Fairytale, Yashahime.
We'll keep moving forward,
overcoming
the hurdles of destiny!
[Japanese music playing]
TOWA: "Wielding the Tenseiga."
KIRINMARU:
Are you leaving them here?
SESSHOMARU: It's a rite
of courage and cowardice.
KIRINMARU:
Sesshomaru's daughters,
their true worth
will be measured by survival...
‐ I'm going to get
Setsuna's dreams back!
‐ Towa!
‐ With such a dull blade edge
you haven't a chance
of laying even a scratch on me.
‐ [blade stabs]
‐ [gasps]
‐ I won't let you
lay a hand on her!
‐ [yelps]
‐ [yells]
[dramatic music playing]
‐ [winces]
Damn you!
‐ [gasps]
Setsuna!
[violin playing]
Setsuna.
No, you can't...
Setsuna!
‐ [sighs]
Towa, I'm so sorry.
I'm starting
to get a little sleepy.
I'm sorry, Sis.
I think...
I'm going to take a little nap.
Good night, Sis.
‐ [cries]
[wails]
‐ Kirinmaru...
‐ you're going to die here.
‐ [animal howls]
‐ You took my Setsuna
away from me.
Kirinmaru!
‐ [grunts]
[dragon growls]
[animal howls]
‐ [gasps]
[growls]
TOWA: Hope you're ready.
I'll be taking
your demon energy!
‐ Go ahead and try!
‐ I'll take every bit...
of your damn...
demon energy!
[screaming]
‐ Towa!
[gasps]
[screams]
KIRINMARU: Setsuna.
You have fought well
with great honor and dignity.
I shall never forget that name.
Half‐Demon Princess...
I look forward to the next time
our paths may cross.
Oh, Setsuna. I'm sorry
we couldn't avenge you.
TOWA: This world
is full of weak people...
I'm so sorry, Setsuna.
...but those who are truly weak
are the ones
powerless to protect
those they care about
when it matters the most.
[crying]
And that's‐‐
that's exactly
the type of person I am.
[crying]
How could I be so weak?
[bells jingle]
[gasps]
Sesshomaru?
[no audible dialogue]
Do what?
‐ The choice is yours, Towa.
[thunder rumbling]
[Towa grunts]
[sheath clatters]
‐ Whether she can be
brought back to life or not
depends entirely on you.
‐ Towa.
You're not thinking of doing
what I think you are.
Huh?
‐ I have to try.
I'm the only one who can do it.
[grunting]
[soft music playing]
Huh?
[water drips]
The Dream Butterfly?
[gasps]
But why?
Why did it come out of Setsuna?
‐ Keep your mind
on what is important.
‐ [gasps]
‐ [thunder crashing]
‐ [grunting]
[dramatic music playing]
‐ You're kidding me.
Does she think
she can bring Setsuna back
with that broken Tenseiga
by adding her own
demon energy blade to it?
‐ [yells]
[panting]
TOTOSAI: Hmm?
Who's that kid
wielding the broken Tenseiga?
One of Sesshomaru's daughters?
Oh.
And it looks like
the other one is already dead.
I see.
She's trying to revive her, eh?
[Jaken yelps]
Lord Sesshomaru!
[gasps]
[groans]
Lord Sesshomaru,
will Towa be able
to wield the Tenseiga?
[sighs]
‐ All right! Who's the one
that broke my precious Tenseiga?
‐ [gasps]
Who the hell are you?
‐ You don't know me?!
‐ [winces]
[groans]
Uh, wait a minute.
You're Totosai,
the demon swordsmith,
aren't you?
‐ You, I heard about from Myoga.
You're the daughter of Inuyasha
and Kagome, aren't you?
‐ Better known
as Moroha the Demon Killer.
‐ And I am Jaken.
But it's Master Jaken to you.
‐ Oh, Jaken the little demon,
right?
‐ [growls] Who are you calling
"little demon"?!
It's "Master Jaken"!
‐ [winces]
[groans]
Yeah, whatever.
So, old man, think you
can repair the Tenseiga?
‐ Of course!
Who do you think I am?!
‐ [yelps]
Just give me three days tops,
and I'll make it as good as new.
‐ Really? You can?
‐ But never mind that!
Aww! Just look what they've
done to you, you poor thing.
‐ Three days.
By then, it will be too late.
TOTOSAI: Hmph. Good point.
Another hour,
and even the Tenseiga
won't be able to revive her.
‐ What?!
‐ So though it may be
a poor substitute,
her demon energy blade
is the only chance you've got.
‐ [grunting]
Setsuna!
[grunting]
[panting]
‐ Her hair turned black.
But why?
It's not even the New Moon.
Oh, I get it.
Towa's having to use
every ounce of her demon power.
But how long
could she keep this up and...
still be okay?
TOWA: Yes! It's working!
[grunts]
[panting]
So now what do I cut with it?
‐ She did it!
‐ Now if she only knew
what to use it on.
‐ Eh?
TOTOSAI: I'm guessing
she's still not able
to see the minions
of the netherworld.
‐ Minions of the netherworld?
[dramatic music playing]
‐ I'm sure
I'm supposed to cut something.
When Sesshomaru
brought Zero back to life,
he cut something
with the Tenseiga.
[minions murmur]
[minions scream]
But what was it?
Setsuna!
Setsuna.
Just hang on.
I will save you!
[gasps]
[thunder rumbles]
‐ [minions murmuring]
‐ Demons?
That must be it!
Those are what I have to cut!
[gasps]
My energy blade is fading.
‐ [murmuring]
‐ Setsuna!
[gasps]
No, no! Hang on, Setsuna!
You can't leave!
[gasps] It hurts...
but I need more demon power,
whatever it takes!
‐ Can she do it in time?
TOTOSAI: It's not looking good.
‐ Wait. What?
‐ But I have to say
that thing is extraordinary.
‐ What thing?
‐ I'm talking
about the Blood Blade
that she inherited
from Sesshomaru.
Not only can it cut through
almost any physical object,
that blade has the power
to sever, in a single stroke,
the invisible strands of Fate.
Her weapon was the weak link.
This human‐forged naginata
was never capable
of channeling power like that.
I should give her
a naginata worthy of such power
to take with her
to the afterlife.
‐ You there, Moroha.
‐ Eh?
Since you're the daughter
of Inuyasha and Kagome,
I can leave you to deal
with all the evil spirits
and demons, right?
‐ Huh? What the hell are
you talking about, old man?
‐ I'll be working with
lapis lazuli crystals and ash,
which will undoubtedly bring
forth the hordes of evil spirits
and demons who've inhabited
these parts for ages.
And they're very annoying,
so keep them away from me.
Got it?
‐ Uh...
‐ [panting]
[gasps]
‐ [murmuring]
‐ Setsuna!
No! I'm not letting you go yet!
[blade pulses]
Setsuna!
MINIONS: Eh?
[Towa gasps]
‐ [panting]
‐ [minions murmuring]
‐ What's wrong?
‐ [gasps]
‐ You see them, don't you?
Why, then, do you hesitate?
‐ I know that.
I know that, but...
I can't...
I can't even move anymore.
‐ Hey, is this really
the best time to be doing that?
‐ Heads up. They're here.
And do your fighting
somewhere else.
Don't get in my way.
I still don't get it.
‐ [whooshing]
‐ Eh?
‐ [dramatic music playing]
‐ [spirits growling]
‐ [gasps]
I'm fighting all of these?!
‐ Make sure
you exterminate them all.
‐ Do I have any choice?
Take this!
Sacred Arrow!
Hah!
[roars]
[spirits growl]
‐ Not bad. Not bad at all.
‐ Next!
Hah!
[spirits growl]
‐ I only get one shot.
[minions murmuring]
Gotta make it work.
Gotta take 'em out
with one blow.
[minions whimper]
‐ I can't fail.
I can't lose her again!
‐ Damn it,
they just keep coming!
[spirits growl]
[gasps]
Ah, screw it.
[yells]
[grunting]
[spirits growling]
[gasps]
‐ [roars]
‐ [gasps]
This is not looking good.
[minions murmuring]
‐ No!
‐ Lord Sesshomaru!
‐ [gasps]
I won't let you
take away Setsuna!
‐ It's no use. We're too late!
[yelps]
‐ [yells]
[minions groan]
Setsuna.
Please come back, Setsuna.
[breathing softly]
‐ [spirits growling]
‐ Run, Towa!
‐ [snarls]
‐ [yelps]
[spirits growling]
Setsuna.
‐ [gasps]
‐ All done!
‐ [yells]
[wind blowing]
‐ [gasps]
Huh?
[gasps]
Setsuna!
‐ Take care of this, Totosai.
‐ No problem.
Just leave it to me.
‐ Lord Sesshomaru! [panting]
Huh?
Uh, w‐wait!
[stammers]
‐ Hah! Seems like
he's loosened up a lot
since the last time I saw him.
Hardly the same Sesshomaru.
‐ [Kirara meows]
‐ Setsuna!
[Setsuna grunts]
‐ I'm so glad.
I don't know
what I would have done
if you hadn't come back to life!
‐ What? What are you saying?
Do you mean I was dead?
[gasps]
Towa!
MOROHA: Don't worry. She's okay.
She's just resting from
using up all her demon power.
‐ What happened exactly?
‐ [groans]
‐ Eh?
‐ A shitload!
You wouldn't believe
what went down
while you were out of it.
‐ Listen here.
Don't you go dying again.
‐ Hmm?
‐ Keep in mind the Tenseiga
can only bring
a person back to life once.
‐ [grunts] What's this?
‐ Yukari no Tachikiri,
a naginata capable of severing
things that cannot be severed.
It responds to the Blood Blade
that Sesshomaru
entrusted to you,
a fine blade,
if I say so myself.
Though judging by the way
you handled
those mediocre demons just now,
you've got a long ways to go
before you'll ever master it,
so it's all up to you
from now on.
‐ It's all up to me?
‐ By the way,
tell Towa once she wakes up
she's wasting her time
trying to infuse demon power
into a weapon forged by humans.
She should get her hands
on a Kyuyokon root.
‐ A Kyuyokon root?
Yep, that's what she's going
to need if she wants to have
a fighting chance against
the great demon Kirinmaru.
Remember, only a fool
goes into battle
without a suitable weapon.
It doesn't matter
how many lives you have.
‐ You're right.
Your point is well taken.
‐ I'm saying this
for her own good.
Tell Towa to find a blade
that fits her needs. You got it?
‐ But where must we go
to obtain it?
‐ I would try asking Bokusen‐Oh.
‐ Bokusen‐Oh?
I think I've heard
that name before.
‐ Well, I'm outta here.
‐ Wait! Don't I get anything?!
Some parting words
of wisdom at least? Huh?
‐ Hey, I'm talking to you!
‐ [Momo moos]
TOWA: Setsuna.
‐ [gasps]
‐ Please come back, Setsuna.
[murmuring]
‐ Don't worry, Towa. I'm here.
Rest now,
for we have much to do
when you wake up.
‐ [murmurs] Setsuna.
‐ Hey!
How come everyone else
gets a cool new weapon
and I don't get nothin'?!
Not even a "thank you"
or anything!
[Japanese music playing]
TOWA: Setsuna came back to life,
and I can't tell you
how happy I was!
But then she
just left me behind
to look for a Kyuyokon root
and some guy called Bokusen‐Oh.
That was pretty cold.
What? Women with
long, beautiful hair
are being attacked?
Kirara, you know
where Setsuna is right now?
Next time on Yashahime,
"Demon Spirit of the Sea."
I can't help
feeling sorry for her.
She was a good demon once.